Goa – The Official Party Hub
Mcleodganj – Heaven Amidst The Hills
Srinagar – The Gem Of Kashmir
Andaman – The Beach Haven
Leh-Ladakh – The Biker’s Paradise
Binsar – Explore The Realms Of Wildlife
Coorg – Walk Amidst The Coffee Plantations
Kerala – The Magical God’s Own Country
Kanatal – For The Best Camping Experiences
Kasol – The Trekker’s Paradise
Kutch – The Most Beautiful Stretch Of White Desert
Bir Billing – The Paragliding Hub Of India
Assam – Home Of One Horned Rhinos
Rishikesh – The Adventure Capital Of India
Shimla – The Queen Of Northern Hills
Tirthan Valley – The Adventure Hub Of Himachal
Jim Corbett – An Adventurous Jungle Adventure
Manali – The Snowy Paradise
Udaipur – The Romantic City Of Lakes
Auli – A Perfect Place For Ski Lovers
Mysore – Of Silk, Sandalwood, And Sweets
Valley of Flowers – Rich In Flora And Fauna
Jaisalmer – For The Best Desert Safari Ever
Jodhpur – Bleed Blue In The Royal City
Prashar Lake – For An Offbeat Experience
Mukteshwar – The Lesser Known Gem Of Uttarakhand
Dhanaulti – Explore The Most Beautiful Alpine Forests
Varanasi – The Spiritual Capital Of India
Mumbai – The City That Never Sleeps
Kolkata – A City Of Charm, Culture And Creative Minds
Delhi – A Place That Everyone Calls Home
Meghalaya – An Abode Of Clouds
Sikkim – Home Of Ancient Buddhist Monasteries
Agra – The Land Of Taj
Cherrapunji – The Land Of Living Root Bridges
Dalhousie – Witness The Victorian Architecture
Hampi – Where The Ancient Ruins Come Alive
Jabalpur – Watch The Mighty Dhuandhar Falls Cascading
Mathura – The Birth Place Of Lord Krishna
Hyderabad – Relish The Real Taste Of The Nizam’s Culture
Amritsar – A Blend Of Culture, Food, & Religious Sites
Orissa – The Land Of Temples
Mahabalipuram – An Epitome Of Art & Architecture
Visakhapatnam – Revisit One Of The Best Beaches In India
Ooty – Meet The Queen Of The Nilgiri Mountains
Kodaikanal – The Princess Of Southern Hill Stations
Pondicherry – The Quaint Little French Beach Town
Mahabaleshwar – Relish The Best Of Western Ghats
Darjeeling – Home Of The Thrilling Himalayan Railway
Ziro – An Escape For The Peace Seekers
Khajjiar – India’s Mini Switzerland
Mount Abu – Rajasthan’s Only Hill station
Nainital – The City Of Lakes
Lakshadweep – A Tropical Island
Chopta – A Small Green Paradise
Spiti – A Desert Hill Station
Sonamarg – Blooming Valleys
Almora – Horse-Shoe Shaped Town
Orchha – Hub Of Temples
Gwalior – A Majestic Fort City
Gokarna – A Peacefull Goa
Pahalgam – Saffron Fields And More
Landsdowne – Heavenly Place
Joshimath – Place Of Worship
Tawang – Backpacking Trip
Manikaran – Hot Springs Favourite
Shimoga – Karnataka’s Hidden Gem
Madikeri – Scenic Beauty
Ranikhet – The Queen’s Meadow
Kausani – Perfect Getaway For Couples
Agumbe – Scenic Beauty
1. Goa – The Official Party Hub
New Year party in the Tito’s lane is a confetti of joys and memories
Image Source

Unarguably, Goa has to be the amongst the first few dream places to visit in India in your twenties. Young and energetic! Amazing nightlife, a variety of booze, beach shacks and dirt cheap prices – Goa is one of the best holiday destinations in India that makes your trip memorable.

Best time to visit: November to February
How to reach

By air: Dabolim International Airport is the major airport in Goa.
By rail: Madgaon Railway Station and Thivim Railway Station are the main railway heads of Goa.
By road: Margao Bus Terminal, Kadamba Bus Terminal, and Mapusa Bus Terminal are best connected bus terminals in Goa. However, many people prefer taking a car/bike ride from Mumbai and Pune.
By Sea: You can also opt for ferry services which is an excellent way of commuting. You can take a ferry from Mumbai to Panaji and easily reach Goa.
Attractions: Beaches like Vagator, Calangute, Anjuna, Colva, & Benaulim, Fort Aguada, Church of Mae De Deus, Basilica of Bom Jesus, Temple of Bodgeshwar, Dudhsagar Waterfalls, St Xavier’s Church, Grand Island (for watersports), Deltin Royale Casino and clubs like Cafe Mambos,Titos, LPK (Love Passion Karma), SinQ, & Club Cubana.

Things To Do In Goa: Take the famous cruise from Mumbai to Goa.
Events: Sunburn Festival in December
Water Sports At Baga and Calangute Beaches: Kneeboarding, Kayaking, Wakeboarding, Windsurfing, Scuba Diving, White Water Rafting
Famous Markets: Anjuna Flea Market, Panjim Market, Mackie’s Night Bazaar, Saturday Market
Best Resorts Near Baga Beach: Estrela Do Mar Beach Resort, Resort Rio

Must Read: India’s Most Insane Music Festivals

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?




Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750

Plan your trip today!

Book Now




Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750

Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now




Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250

Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now




Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000

Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now




Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500

Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now




Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499

EMI option available.

Book Now




Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199

Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now




Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999

Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now




Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999

Talk to our experts today.

Book Now



See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

<
>
2. Mcleodganj – Heaven Amidst The Hills
Trek to Triund in Mcleodganj for an incredible experience
Image Source

The majestic mountains can call tourists to experience the best of what nature has to offer at Mcleodganj – one of the most beautiful places in India. Triund offers a spectacular view of the Dhauladhar ranges. Experience bliss while camping under billions of stars with your friends in Triund. This is among loveliest Indian destinations for camping, regardless of which season you’re coming in. No wonder it’s among the top 10 places to visit in India.

Best time to visit: September to June
How to reach

By air: Gaggal Airport (18 km away) is the nearest airport.
By rail: The nearest rail head is Pathankot Railway Station (89 km away)
By road: Numerous state government & private buses ply between Mcleodganj and various cities of north India like Delhi, Chandigarh, Dharamshala etc. on a regular basis. Passengers can take a bus till Mcleodganj bus stand and then hire a taxi.
Attractions: Kangra Fort, Bhagsunath Temple, Bhagsu Falls, Namgyal Monastery, Dalai Lama Temple complex, HPCA Stadium, tea plantations of Kangra valley, and Triund trek

Must Visit Restaurants: Nick’s Italian Kitchen, Lung Ta Japanese Restaurant

Suggested Read: 9 Mcleodganj Experiences For Which You Need To Leave, NOW!

3. Srinagar – The Gem Of Kashmir
Beautiful valleys of Kashmir
Image Source

If you’re in your twenties, it’s time to add Kashmir to your list of best places to visit in India. If there is heaven on earth, this it is! Experience its charismatic charm before the natural hits and turmoil spoils it all. And when would be a better time to explore flood-hit, terror-stricken heaven on earth if not now?!

Best time to visit: April to October
How to reach

By air: Srinagar has its own airport.
By rail: The Srinagar Railway Station is under construction. Till then, passengers can take a train to Udhampur Railway Station(229 km from Srinagar)
By road: Unless you are traveling from a city of Jammu & Kashmir, road is not a preferred way to reach Srinagar.
Attractions: Dal Lake (boating in shikaras & nightstays in houseboats), Nishat Bagh, Shalimar Bagh, Tomb of Zin-ul-Abidin, Jama Masjid, Hazratbal Mosque, and Shankaracharya Hill, Pari mahal, Indira Gandhi Memorial Tulip Garden
Restaurants In Srinagar: Mughal Darbar, Cafe De Linz

Famous Lakes In Srinagar: Nagin lake, Dal lake

Suggested Read: 10 Best Places To Visit In Srinagar And Their Key Attractions

4. Andaman – The Beach Haven
Andaman has to be on your list of places to visit in India
Image Source

Scared of water? Never swam? Maybe it’s time to beat the fear out of you and dive into the deep sea and overcome the fear of water and depths, ZNMD Style. Trust us, you’d be delighted at the sites underwater and it will keep you coming back for more. For aqua lovers, these famous tourist places in India which feel no less than a paradise!

Best time to visit: November to mid-May
How to reach

By air: Vir Savarkar Airport in Port Blair is the archipelago’s major airport.
By sea: Ships ply between Haddo Wharf Port in Port Blair and cities of Chennai, Kolkata and Visakhapatnam.
Attractions: Cellular Jail National Memorial, Radhanagar Beach, Rajiv Gandhi Water Sports Complex in Port Blair, Mahatma Gandhi Marine National Park, Chidiya Tapu, and watersports like scuba-diving, snorkeling, & parasailing

Water activities: Banana boat rides, snorkeling, parasailing, jet skiing, undersea walking, speed boating, scuba diving and sport fishing

Andaman Cruises: You can board a cruise to Andaman from Chennai, Vizag and Kolkata

Average Temperature: 24 degrees Celsius (Min.) and 37 degrees (Max.)

Beaches of Andaman: famous beaches include, Radhanagar beach, Corbyn’s Cove, Wandoor Beach and Merk Bay Beach

Suggested Read: The Most Amazing Instances of Scuba Diving in Andaman Islands

5. Leh-Ladakh – The Biker’s Paradise
Camp under the open sky in Ladakh
Image Source

Undoubtedly, Leh – Ladakh is on every travel enthusiasts list of dream places to visit in India before they turn 30. Ride on the crazy winding roads, get stuck in the middle of nowhere, sleep with the locals, go trekking in Ladakh, and learn to be independent on the desert mountains as you undertake this adventurous journey in one of the best places in India.

Best time to visit: April to mid-May and mid-September to mid-October
How to reach

By air: Kushok Bakula Rimpochee Airport in Leh is the airport connecting the region to other places by air.
By rail: Jammu Tawi Railway Station (700 km from Ladakh) is the nearest rail head. From here, one can hire a cab or board a JKSRTC bus to Ladakh.
By road: The most popular means of reach Ladakh remains to be road. Travelers can go on a bike/jeep ride to the destination. Bike trips from Delhi, Chandigarh, and Manali are most popular.
Attractions: Zanskar Valley, Pangong Tso Lake, Khardung-La Pass, Spituk Gompa, and Hemis National Park

Rental bikes: You can rent a bike in Ladakh and it costs upto INR 2000 per day

Average temperature: 15 degree celsius (Min.) and 28 degree celsius (Max.)

Nearest Fuel stations: Nagbal, Ganderbal, Kargil and Khalsi are four fuel stations on the route of Srinagar Leh.

Accommodation: Stok Palace Heritage hotel and Shakti Himalaya are some of the accommodations you can stay at in Ladakh

Attractions: Nubra Valley, Khardung La, Shanti Stupa, Magnetic Hill, Pangong lake and leh palace are a must visit.

Suggested Read: Don’t Tell Yourself You’ve Been To Ladakh If You Haven’t Done These Things

6. Binsar – Explore The Realms Of Wildlife
Trek in the jungle trails and spot the myriad wildlife of Binsar
Image Source

Peace. Jungles. Heights. Chills. Wildlife. All you wildlife enthusiasts out there head to Binsar – one of the rising tourist destinations in India located in the heart of Kumaoni region of Almora for an incredible trip of your lifetime.

Best time to visit: October to November
How to reach

By air: There’s a domestic airport in Pantnagar, 152 km from Binsar.
By rail: Kathgodam Railway Station, 119 km from Binsar, is the nearest railway head.
By road: Buses connect the town with all major neighboring areas.
Attractions: Zero Point, Pariyadeva Pashan, Mary Budden Estate, Binsar Wildlife Sanctuary, Bineshwar Mahadev Temple, and more.

Wildlife: Barking deer, himalayan beer, leopard, flying squirrel, chital and porcupine are some of the species of animals found here

Average Temperature: 19.8 degree celsius (Max.) and 6.5 degree celsius (Min.)

Places to eat: Baba cake and Dolma Restaurant are some of the places you can dine at in Binsar

Camping: there are many camping sites available in this area and you are required to book in advance as they’re full during peak season like the month of June and January

Jeep safari: There are many companies offering jeep safaris of Binsar Wildlife Sanctuary that you can book in advance and surely worth trying

Suggested Read: Binsar Wildlife Sanctuary: Jungle Treks, Jeep Safaris, & Infinite Views Of Snowy Peaks

7. Coorg – Walk Amidst The Coffee Plantations
Coorg is amongst the best places to visit in India
Image Source

Coorg simply cannot be skipped from the list of best and safe places to visit in India. A quick getaway for many from Bangalore, this mesmerizing hill station in Karnataka is breathtakingly beautiful. It’s one of the top 10 places to visit in India and a visit here sure would heal you and energize you!

Best time to visit: October to March
How to reach

By air: The nearest domestic airport is in Mangalore, 156 km away. The nearest international airport is the Kempegowda International Airport in Bengaluru, 285 kilometres away.
By rail: Mysore Junction, 106 km away, is the nearest rail head.
By road: The 238 km long road trip from Bangalore (Bengaluru) takes 5 hours 30 minutes.
Attractions: Abbey Falls, Nalknad Palace, Barapole River, Brahmagiri Peak, Iruppu Falls, Namdroling Monastery, Nagarhole National Park, Microlight flight at Chelavara, ziplining, and angling in River Kaveri

Average Temperature: 29 degree celsius

Restaurants: Coorg cuisine, Raintree restaurant

Suggested Read: 10 Places to Visit in Coorg For a Memorable Vacation

8. Kerala – The God’s Own Country
Lush green forests in Kerala
Image Source

To all the nature lover’s out there. A trip to God’s own country is a must in your twenties for its enchanting wilderness. Luscious green trees, pristine water, crazy wildlife experience – visit Kerala for more such wonderful delights.

Best time to visit: November to January and June to August
How to reach

By air: Kerala has three main airports – Calicut International Airport, Cochin International Airport, and Trivandrum International Airport. These airports connect Kerala with different cities across the world, such as Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Muscat, and Dubai.
By rail: Thiruvananthapuram Central railway station, Ernakulam Junction railway station, and Kollam Junction railway station are three major rail heads of Kerala. These stations connect the state with cities and towns across India.
Attractions

Alappuzha Beach, Krishnapuram Palace, Kumarakom bird sanctuary, Marari Beach, Revi Karunakaran Museum, Punnamada Lake, Pathiramanal, and Sri Krishna Temple in Ambalappuzha
TATA Tea Museum, Meesapulimala, Blossom Park, Pothamedu ViewPoint, Attukal Waterfalls, Cheeyappara Waterfalls, Kundala Lake, Mattupetty Dam, Anamudi, and Eravikulam National Park
Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary, Kumarakom Backwaters, Aruvikkuzhi waterfall, Thirunakkara Mahadeva Temple, Vembanad Lake, Kumarakom Beach, and Pathiramanal Island
Meenmutty Waterfalls, Chembra Peak, 9 Hairpin Curves, Muthanga Wildlife Sanctuary, Ekkadal Caves, Bathery Jain Temple, Neelimala View Point, and Pookot Lake
Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary, Mangla Devi Temple, Abraham’s Spice Garden, Murikkady, Kadathanadan Kalari Centre, Chellarkovil, Kumily, and Deepa World Spice & Ayurvedic Garden
Lighthouse Beach, Samudra Beach, Thiruvallam Parasurama Temple, Vizhinjam Marine Aquarium, Halcyon Castle, Akkulam Lake, Jama Masjid, Vellayani Lake, Karamana River, and Rock Cut Caves
Bekal Fort, Ananthapura Temple, Valiyaparamba Backwaters, Bekal Beach, Mallikarjuna Temple, Chandragiri Fort, Kappil Beach, Nileswaram, Bekal Hole Aqua Park, and Pallikere Beach
Mananchira, Conolly Canal, Hilite Mall, Kallayi, Tali Temple, Kappad Beach, Kozhikode Beach, Thusharagiri Waterfalls, Sargaalaya, Payyoli Beach, Kozhippara Falls, and Matri Dei Cathedral
Varkala Beach, Janardhan Temple, Sivagiri Muth, Kappil Lake, Papanasam Beach, Janardan Swami Temple, Vishnu Temple, Anjengo Fort, Sarkara Devi Temple, Varkala Tunnel, and Kaduvayil Thangal Dargah
Average Temperature: 28 degree celsius

Restaurants: The Riceboat, Paragon restaurant

Suggested Read: 20 Amazing Things To Do On Your Trip to Kerala

9. Kanatal – For The Best Camping Experiences
Kanatal 
Image Source

With this rising adventure spot that offers endless opportunities to enjoy thrilling activities clubbed with one of the best camping experiences, weekends will no more be boring at escapes like Kanatal. Considered to be one of the best holiday destinations in India for all travelers, camping in Kanatal is one experience that no one should miss out on.

Best time to visit: April to June
How to reach

By air: Located at a distance of 92 kms, Jolly Grant Airport is the nearest airstrip to Kanatal.
By rail: Located at a distance of 75 kms, Rishikesh railway station is the nearest railhead to Kanatal.
Attractions: Kodia Jungle, Tehri Lake, Surkanda Devi temple, New Tehri Dam, and more.

Average Temperature: 25 degree celsius

Restaurants: Brothers cafe and restaurant, Chacha Sip & Dine

Suggested Read: 8 Camps In Kanatal Under 5k For A Budget Weekend In The Mountains

10. Kasol – The Trekker’s Paradise
Solo traveler in Kasol
Here’s why every man should travel solo at least once in your life – Not only will you discover a new you and find a direction for yourself, but you’d return with experiences of a lifetime. And there’s no better place than Kasol, one of the top 10 tourist places in India.

Best time to visit: October to June
How to reach

By air: Bhuntar Domestic Airport (31 km away) is the nearest flight connect.
By rail: Pathankot (296 km away) is the nearest rail head.
By road: HRTC (Himachal Road Transport Corporation) runs regular buses from Delhi, Haryana, & Punjab and other Himachal cities like Pathankot, Shimla, Kangra, Solan, & Dharamsala.
Attractions: Kheerganga peak, Malana village, Parvati river, Manikaran Sahib gurudwara, Jari, Bhuntar, and more.

Average Temperature: 16.8 degree celsius

Restaurants: The Evergreen, Moon Dance Cafe

Suggested Read: Why Every Guy Should Travel Solo Atleast Once!

11. Kutch – The Most Beautiful Stretch Of White Desert
Kite festival at Rann of Kutch
Image Source

Kutch is a must visit place in India before you turn 30. Travel to the no man’s land, the seasonal salt marsh amidst the famous Thar Desert during the kite festival where the sky comes alive with vibrant and oversized kites at one of the top 25 tourist places in India.

Best time to visit: November to February
How to reach

By air: Bhuj Airport, 69 km away, is the nearest air connect.
By rail: Bhuj Railway Station is 50 km away from Kutch.
Attractions: Prag Mahal, Kalo Dungar, Kutch Museum, Archaeological Museum, Mandvi Beach, White Desert, Aina Mahal, and more.

Average Temperature: 26.3 degree celsius

Restaurants: Noorani restaurant, Annapurna restaurant

Suggested Read: 38 Most Colorful Places In India That Will Make Your Heart Skip A Beat

12. Bir Billing – The Paragliding Hub Of India
Places to visit in India before you turn 30
Image Source

Rising to fame post hosting the first ever paragliding world cup, Bir Billing soon caught the attention of adventure enthusiasts across the country. Comprising of more than ten paragliding spots, Bir Billing is one of those top 10 places to visit in India that has truly lived up to its name of paragliding capital of India.

Best time to visit: April to June
How to reach

By air: Kangra airport in Gaggal happens to be the nearest airport located at a distance of about 67 kilometers from Bir.
By rail: Pathankot is the nearest railway station to Bir Billing located at a distance of about 140 kilometers.
By road: Located in the heart of Himachal, Bir Billing is accessible by road as many state-run and private buses run from the nearby cities of Delhi, Chandigarh, Manali, Shimla, and more.
Attractions: Baijnath Shiv Temple, Billing Valley, Chamunda Devi Temple, Shiva Shrine, Ahju Fort, and more.

Average Temperature: 16.8 degree celsius

Restaurants: Zenwich restaurant, Glider’s Pizzeria

Suggested Read: Paragliding In Bir Billing: Living The Fantasy Of Flying

13. Assam – Home Of One Horned Rhinos
Dibru Saikhuwa National Park
Image Source

Stay set to be overwhelmed by the sceneries, flora, and fauna of the Dibru Saikhowa National Park. And this wildlife expedition is not the same as any jeep safari. Instead, activities like jungle walk and boat ride are conducted during the months of November to April. Cruise along the Brahmaputra river to witness the animals in their most natural habitats. The surreal surroundings of this place makes Assam one of the top 25 tourist places in India. 

Best time to visit: October to April
How to reach

By air: Mohanbari in Dibrugarh, 40 km away, is the nearest domestic airport. Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport at Guwahati is 510 km away.
By rail: New Tinsukia Railway Station is 12 km away.
Attractions: Kaziranga National Park, Manas National Park, Kamakhya Temple, Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra, Assam State Museum, and more.

Average Temperature: 23.2 degree celsius

Restaurants: Khorikaa, Paradise restaurant

Suggested Read: 13 Places You Need To Visit For The Best Wildlife Experience in India

14. Rishikesh – The Adventure Capital Of India
White water rafting in Rishikesh
With bursting energy and enthusiasm, twenties is the best time to enjoy thrill and adventure, especially with your friends. Travel to the adventure capital of India, Rishikesh and ride on the mystical but fierce fast flowing waters of Ganges. Rishikesh is a must visit place in India if you haven’t yet crossed the age bar.

Best time to visit: September to November and February to June
How to reach

By air: Jolly Grant Airport in Dehradun, 20 km from Rishikesh, is the nearest air connect.
By rail: Haridwar Junction, 21 km from Rishikesh, is the nearest rail head.
By road: It is well-connected by road to major cities, including Haridwar (21 km away) and Delhi (229 km away).
Attractions: Rajaji National Park, Lakshman Jhula, Neelkanth Mahadev Temple, Parmarth Niketan, Ram Jhula, Shivpuri River Rafting Point, and more.

Average Temperature: 20 degree celsius

Restaurants: Bistro Nirvana, The Sitting Elephant

Suggested Read: 15 Adventure Sports In Rishikesh For Every Thrill Seeker

15. Shimla – The Queen Of Northern Hills
Colorful toy train making its way through the verdant valleys in Shimla
Image Source

Revisit childhood by hopping on the colorful toy train from Kalka to Shimla as it makes way through the pine forests and verdant valleys. Experiencing this exceptionally elating toy train experience is a must for everyone on their trip to this best tourist place in India at least once in a lifetime.

Best time to visit: March to June
How to reach

By air: Located at a distance of 25 kms, Jubbarhatti is the nearest airport from Shimla.
By rail: The toy train from Kalka to Shimla is the most convenient railway line that connects Shimla to other nearby towns.
By road: Many state-run and private buses run from the nearby cities of Delhi, Chandigarh, Manali, and Kullu that are well connected to Shimla via road.
Attractions: Kufri, Mall Road, Chadwick Falls, Jakhu Temple, Annandale, Christ Church, Scandal Point, and more.

Average Temperature: 22 degree celsius

Restaurants: Cafe Sol, 45 The Central

Suggested Read: Shimla In Winter: An Ultimate Guide For The Best Snowy Vacay Ever!

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!
Real travel stories. Real stays. Handy tips to help you make the right choice.



Nikhil Recites A Tale Of 11 Friends Who Went From Bengaluru To Ladakh

Bengaluru - Delhi - Leh - Ladakh - Leh - Delhi - Amristsar - Chandigarh - Bengaluru

Read More



Pranav Took A Solo Trip To Andaman & It Was Truly Wonderful

A backpacker's guide to the predominant Honeymoon destination!

Read More



Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends

Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.

Read More



Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends

Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.

Read More



Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends

Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.

Read More



Kanika Proves That Traveling With An Infant To Kerala Is Totally Safe & Wonderful

Beaches, Backwaters, Spas, & More. Take me there now, please!

Read More



Here's Why Aakanksha's Trip To Manali Changed Her Idea About Group Tours

Ideal long weekend getaway from Delhi! Isn't it?

Read More



Isha Elaborates On How She Went Solo To Kasol & Returned With Lots Of Friends

And tales of her exciting Kheerganga & Chalal trek...

Read More



Prasham's Account Of A Goa Tour Proves That Goa Is More Than A Party Destination

Adventure, sightseeing, laid-back beach tours, and it doesn't stop there!

Read More



Bhavya Gives An Extensive Account Of His Jaisalmer Trip With Friends

Desert safari, haunted Kuldhara village, & Gadisar Lake. There's more...

Read More



Ashish Tells Why Kashmir Turned Out To Be A Winter Wonderland For His Family

For Gondolas, Shikaras, and plenty of snow!

Read More



Arunav Can't Stop Praising His Adventurous Trip To Sikkim & Darjeeling With Friends

For adventure in Air, on Land, and in Water!

Read More



Avneet Describes Her Trip To Spiti With A Group Of Strangers That Became Friends

Sightseeing. Monasteries. Trekking. And beauty all along

Read More



See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

<
>
16. Tirthan Valley – The Adventure Hub Of Himachal
Tirthan Valley
Image Source

Striking a perfect balance between peace and adventure, Tirthan Valley is one tourist place in India that has off-lately gained much popularity amidst the travelers across the world. Located in the district of Kullu, Tirthan has something to offer to everyone.

Best time to visit: March to June and October to November
How to reach

By air: Bhuntar airport is the nearest airport to Tirthan Valley at a distance of about 48 kms.
By rail: Ambala railway station happens to be the nearest railway station to Tirthan Valley at a distance of about 188 kms.
By road: One can easily embark on a scenic road trip from the nearby states of Delhi, Punjab and Haryana till Tirthan Valley via a car or a bus.
Attractions: Great Himalayan National Park, Jalori Pass, Raghupur Fort, Saryolsar, Gushaini, Sojha, and more.

Average Temperature: 25 degree celsius

Restaurants: Sunshine Himalayan camp, Kaith Mud

Suggested Read: 20 Tirthan Valley Hotels And Resorts That Are Synonymous With Comfort And Luxury

17. Jim Corbett – An Adventurous Jungle Adventure
Bring on the adventure at Jim Corbett
Image Source

One of the best national parks in India, Jim Corbett is famous for Indian tiger sightings. The wilderness here becomes hospitable with the luxurious jungle resorts that allow you to stay closer to nature while enjoying the best of comfort. If you’re a photography-enthusiast, Corbett will never leave you disappointed.

Best time to visit: The best time to visit Jim Corbett and experiencing the safari at its best depends on the kind of experience you’re looking for. Summer is considered the best time for tiger sighting. However, November to February is the best time to visit Jim Corbett.

How to reach:

By air: Pantnagar Airport is the nearest airport from Jim Corbett National Park
By rail: Ramnagar Railway station is located merely 12 km away from the national park
By road: The national park is well connected by roads to various destinations like Delhi and Dehradun.
Attractions: Garjiya Devi Temple, Jim Corbett Museum, Corbett Falls, Corbett Tiger Reserve, Ramganga Dam, and more.

Average Temperature: 27 degree celsius

Restaurants: Safari Cafe & Homestay, Doaba’s Punjabi Dhaba

Suggested Read: 12 Wallet-Friendly Resorts And Hotels In Jim Corbett National Park

18. Manali – The Snowy Paradise
Manali 
Image Source

The most famous resort town nestled amidst the snow-capped mountains, Manali is the popular gem in the heart of Himachal Pradesh. A mesmerizing combination of nature, peace, and adventure, Manali is one of the best holiday destinations in India for all travelers.

Best time to visit: October to February
How to reach

By air: Located at a distance of about 52 kms, Kullu-Manali airport is the nearest airport to Manali.
By rail: Joginder Nagar is the nearest railway station to Manali located at a distance of about 160 kms.
By road: Manali can be easily reach by road via private cabs, cars, and state-run or private buses from the nearby cities of New Delhi, Chandigarh, Pathankot, Ambala, and so on.
Attractions: Bhrigu Lake, Rohtang Pass, Solang Valley, Hidimba Devi Temple, Manu Temple, Great Himalayan National Park, Jogini Falls, and Tibetan Monastery.

Average Temperature: 15.1 degree celsius

Restaurants in Manali: Johnson’s cafe and hotel, Chopsticks restaurant

Suggested Read: Top 15 Places To Visit In Manali In December To Take A Break In The Arms Of Nature!

19. Udaipur – The Romantic City Of Lakes
Udaipur honeymoon
Udaipur is called the Venice of the East, but the different Rajasthani hues of the city surely make it stand out. The City of Lakes has to be in your list of best places to travel in India. Even though Udaipur boasts of having some of the most gracious luxury heritage hotels, it will embrace you with all the warmth even if you’re looking for budget stays. Boating, trekking, sightseeing are just some activities you may indulge in your visit to the city.

Best time to visit: September to March
How to reach:

By air: Udaipur has its own airport, which indeed is well connected to different parts of the country.
By rail: The city’s railway station is actually among most well-connected railheads in the city
By road: One can easily find buses for reaching the city by road, from cities like Jaisalmer, Jaipur and Delhi.
Attractions: Lake Pichola, Jagdish Temple, City Palace, Jag Mandir, Gangaur Ghat, and Bagore ki Haweli

Average Temperature: 30 degree celsius

Restaurants in Udaipur: Khamma Ghani restaurant, Raaj Bagh restaurant

Suggested Read: 10 Exhilarating Things To Do In Udaipur For Tourists Of All Ages

20. Auli – A Perfect Place For Ski Lovers
People usually visit Auli for skiing during winters
The Skiing Capital of India, Auli is one of the most beautiful places to travel in India even if you’re not into skiing. This is the land of beautiful sunsets, and captivating views of the Himalayas, which you will never have enough of! If you’re not visiting Auli in winters for skiing, step foot here any time during the year, and you’ll witness the charm of every season at its best at one of the best places in India.

Best time to visit: Auli Uttarakhand is best visited anytime during the year. However, since this destination is well-known for skiing, then it’s suggested you don’t miss Auli during the winter season (December to February).

How to reach:

By air: Jolly Grant airport of Dehradun is the nearest airport from Jolly Grant Airport.
By rail: If you are planning to visit Auli by train, then deboard at Haridwar railway station which is the nearest railway head from Auli.
By road: For travelers coming via road, you can take buses heading towards Joshimath, as this place is well connected to many towns and cities of Uttarakhand. From here, you can easily get a taxi or bus for Auli.
Attractions: Kuari Pass Trek, Vishnuprayag, Kalpeshwar, Sri Hemkunt Sahib, Gorson Bugyal, Pangarchulla Peak, and more.

Average Temperature: 4.3 degree celsius

Restaurants: Indra lodge and Inderlok, Saradeswari restaurant

Suggested Read: 10 Reasons Why You Must Be In Auli Right Now

21. Mysore – Of Silk, Sandalwood, And Sweets
Mysore 
Image Source

Comprising a bit of the old and new, Mysore has risen from the status of a royal city (which it still is) to be a hardcore IT hub. Renowned across the world for its gorgeous silk sarees, do not forget to treat your sweet tooth to some mouthwatering Mysore Pak on your next trip.

Best time to visit: Throughout the year. However, October to March is the most pleasant to explore the city of Mysore.

How to reach

By air: Mysore city has its own domestic airport that is well connected to the metropolitan cities of New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru, and Kolkata.
By rail: Travelers can deboard at the Mysore Railway Station which is located at the city centre.
By road: Mysore has a very good road connectivity with the nearby cities of Bangalore, Chennai, Madurai, Coimbatore, and so on.
Attractions: Mysore Palace, Somnathpur, Brindavan Gardens, Mysore Zoo, Chamundeshwari Temple, Karanji Lake, St. Philomena’s Church, and GRS Fantasy Park.

Average Temperature: 25 degree celsius

Restaurants: Gufha restaurant, Oyster Bay

Suggested Read: The Best Places To Visit In Mysore Are Totally Worth Your Weekend. Plan A Getaway Now!

22. Valley Of Flowers – Rich In Flora And Fauna
Mist floats over the Valley of Flowers
Image Source

The Valley of Flowers in Uttarakhand is carpeted with over 300 flower species, making it among paradisiacal places to travel in India. This is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, located at an altitude of 3,858 meters above the sea level. Today, this heavenly hideout is in the bucket list of avid travelers, and trekkers too; owing to its treacherous yet fascinating route. The Valley of Flowers trek is taken by both beginners and professionals and is awaited through the year.

Best time to visit: July to September
How to reach:

By air: Nearest Airport to Valley of Flowers is Jolly Grant Airport, Dehradun This airport is connected to major cities like Delhi.
By rail: Haridwar Junction Railway Station is the nearest railway station from Valley of Flowers
By road: The Valley of Flowers if majorly accessed via roads and trekking routes. Govindghat on Badrinath Highway serves as base camp for trekkers coming here.
Attractions: Govindghat, the National Park, Hemkund Sahib, Nanda Devi National Park, and Pushpawati River.

Average Temperature: 16 to 18 degree celsius

Restaurants: Bhavishay Kedar, Ghangaria, Hemkund Sahib

Suggested Read: The Challenging Trek To Valley Of Flowers In Uttarakhand

23. Jaisalmer – For The Best Desert Safari Ever
Another name among the tourist places in jaisalmer is Patwon ki haveli
Image Source

The Golden City of Rajasthan, Jaisalmer is surely one of the best cities to visit in India. This part of Rajasthan lies in the Thar Desert region, exhibiting the magic of velvet sand dunes meshed with the ever-colorful culture of the state. Jaisalmer is where you can spend your time indulging in exciting activities such as dune bashing, camel safari, and desert camping. Yes! Desert camping in Jaisalmer makes for an experiential stay, with all the luxury you could wish for.

Best time to visit: October to February
How to reach:

By air: Jodhpur Airport is the nearest airport from Jaisalmer. Cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Udaipur are connected to this airport.
By rail: Jaisalmer has its own railway station which is indeed connected widely across North India, with cities like Jaipur and Delhi.
By road: One can easily reach Jaisalmer by road via buses or cabs.
Attractions: Jaisalmer Fort, Bada Bagh, Folklore Museum,Sam Sand Dunes and Desert Cultural Centre.

Average Temperature: 30 degree celsius

Restaurants in Jaisalmer:  Restaurant Romany, Milan restaurant, Cafe the Kaku

Suggested Read: 10 Spellbinding Things To Do In Jaisalmer

24. Jodhpur – Bleed Blue In The Royal City
Sunrise at Mehrangarh Fort
Jodhpur, or the Blue City of Rajasthan, will lure you with its massive hill fort called the Mehrangarh Fort. Right from this point, you get to behold the city’s landscape washed in blue. The interiors will transfer you back to the olden era. The cobbled pavements of this city exhibits the essence of Rajasthan in all its glory.

Best time to visit: October to February
How to reach:

By air: The city has its own domestic airport, which is connected to major cities like Udaipur, Delhi, Jaipur and Mumbai.
By rail: Jodhpur Railway Station indeed is among widely connection railheads in Rajasthan.
By road: Similar to airways and railways, roadways too is smooth and easily accessible in this city
Attractions: Umaid Bhavan Palace, Jaswant Thada, Mehrangarh Fort, Mandore Garden, and Balsamand Lake.

Average Temperature: 25 degree celsius

Restaurants in Jodhpur: Indique restaurant, Kalinga restaurant

Suggested Read: 7 Things To Do In Jodhpur That Should Instantly Get Added To Your Travel Bucket List

25. Prashar Lake – For An Offbeat Experience
Prashar Lake
Image Source

Located at a distance of about 49 kilometers towards the north of Mandi district, Prashar Lake is one of the rising trekking hotspots in Himachal Pradesh. Offering scintillating views of the Dhauladhar range, it is indeed one of the beautiful places in India.

Best time to visit: April to July and September to November
How to reach

By air: Kullu Manali airport is the nearest airstrip which is 73 kms away from Mandi which further happens to be the closest city to Prashar Lake located at a distance about 49 kms.
By rail: Joginder Nagar is the nearest railway station to Mandi which is set at a distance of about 50 kilometers, and then one can take a cab from there and trek till Prashar Lake.
Attractions: Mandi, Prashar Lake Trek, Three-tiered temple, Bhutnath Temple, and Barot.

Average Temperature: 20 to 25 degree celsius

Restaurants: Wazir Thakur restaurant

Suggested Read: Snow Camping Near Prashar Lake: A Thrilling Weekend Getaway From Delhi

26. Mukteshwar – The Lesser Known Gem Of Uttarakhand
Mukteshwar
Image Source

A quaint little town in the state of Uttarakhand, Mukteshwar is one of the famous tourist places in India that is a must-visit destination for all. Other than the lush meadows and dense forests, Mukteshwar is quite popular amidst the adventure enthusiasts for outdoor sports such as rappelling, rock climbing, and more, making it one of the best places in India for adventure seekers. Also this is one of the new tourist places in India.

Best time to visit: October to June
How to reach

By air: Dehradun airport is the nearest airstrip located at a distance of 183 kms from Mukteshwar.
By rail: Kathgodam railway station is the nearest railhead located at a distance of just 70 kms away.
By road: One can also reach the Mukteshwar easily by road from the neighboring cities of Delhi, Chandigarh, Shimla, and Manali.
Attractions: Mukteshwar Temple, Sitla, Chauthi Jaali, Admire Nanda Devi, and Mukteshwar Inspection Bungalow.

Average Temperature: 16 degree celsius

Restaurants: Alankar restaurant, Chirping tales cafe

Suggested Read: 6 Super Fun Things To Do In Mukteshwar For A Kickass Weekend Retreat

27. Dhanaulti – Explore The Most Beautiful Alpine Forests
Dhanaulti 
Image Source

Located at an elevation of about 2200 meters with Mussourie and Chamba as its bordering cities, Dhanaulti has off-lately emerged as one of the most offbeat destinations in India. For those who like to experience life at their own pace be it fast or slow, this is the perfect place to be.

Best time to visit: September to June
How to reach

By air: Jolly Grant Airport in Dehradun is the nearest airstrip to Dhanaulti located just 82 kms away.
By rail: The Dehradun railway station is the nearest railhead located just 25 kms away from Dhanaulti.
By road: One can also reach the town of Dhanaulti easily via road from the nearby cities of Shimla, Delhi, Shimla, Chandigarh, and Manali.
Attractions: The Eco Park, Thangdhar Camp, Surkanda Devi Temple, and Potato Farm.

Average Temperature: 20 degree celsius

Restaurants: Hill view restaurant, Snowlake restaurant

Suggested Read: 10 Eco Huts In Dhanaulti For A Stay Closer To Nature

28. Varanasi – The Spiritual Capital Of India
Explore the ghats of river Ganga in Banaras
Image Source

Varanasi may not be on the list of places to visit in India before you turn 30, but the beautiful ghats, the aartis, and prayers, a boat ride along the calm banks could change this picture forever.

Best time to visit: October to February
How to reach

By air: Lal Bahadur Shastri Airport of Varanasi is well-connected to Delhi and Mumbai.
By rail: Kashi Railway Station and Varanasi Junction are the two major rail heads of the city.
By road: State-run and private buses regularly ply between Varanasi and the nearby cities.
Attractions: Assi Ghat, Dashashwamedh Ghat, Manmandir Ghat, Manikarnika Ghat, Kashi Vishwanath Temple, and Durga Temple

Average Temperature: 30 degree celsius

Restaurants in Varanasi: Canton Royale restaurant, Varanasi cafe & restaurant

Suggested Read: 12 Jyotirlingas In India For That Spiritual Journey

29. Mumbai – The City That Never Sleeps
Stay overnight at Marina Drive in Mumbai
The city that lets you live a carefree life and the one that never sleeps. Mumbai is about its people, the spirit of enjoying the nightclubs and of course Bollywood. Live like a mumbaikar, bite into the vada pav and sip a chai on your way to the locals.

Best time to visit: November to February
How to reach

By air: Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport lies 30 km north of the city. Santa Cruz Domestic Airport lies 26 km north of the city.
By rail: Trains from Central, East, and West India arrive at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (erstwhile VT). Trains from the North arrive at Bombay Central Station.
By road: Most of the inter-Maharashtra buses arrive at Mumbai Central Bus Station. But the ones from Pune and Nasik arrive at the ASIAD bus stand near Dadar railway station.
Attractions: Gateway of India, Haji Ali Dargah, Elephanta Caves & island, Siddhivinayak Temple, Essel World, Kanheri Caves, Rajabai Clock Tower, Kamala Nehru Park, Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Museum, Nehru Planetarium, Worli Fort, and Marine Drive

Average Temperature: 25 degree celsius

Restaurants: The table, Khyber restaurant, Yauatcha restaurant

Suggested Read: The Definitive Weekend Getaway Destinations for Mumbaikars

30. Kolkata – A City Of Charm, Culture And Creative Minds
Color yourself red in Kolkata
Image Source
The only time when the entire city gathers together to celebrate the much lauded and divine festival of Durga Puja is the time when one gets to experience the culture of Bengal in it’s true form. Enjoy the festival with sweets, Bengali delicacies, themed pandal hoppings and grand aartis.

Best time to visit: November to February
How to reach

By air: Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport is situated at Dumdum, 15 km from the main city.
By rail: Howrah and Sealdah are the two main railway junctions in Kolkata that connect the city to several major cities in the country.
Attractions: Victoria Memorial, Howrah Bridge, Indian Museum, Dakshineswar Kali Temple, Eden Gardens Cricket Stadium, Kalighat Kali Temple, Birla Industrial & Technological Museum, Birla Planetarium, and St. Paul’s Cathedral

Average Temperature: 25 degree celsius

Restaurants: India restaurant, Arsalan restaurant

Suggested Read: You Don’t Need To Skip Office To Visit These 10 Amazing Places Near Kolkata

31. Delhi – A Place That Everyone Calls Home
Live qawwali session at Hazrat Nizamuddin’s Dargah
(Disclaimer: Avoid visiting Delhi in the month of November 2019 due to high levels of pollution observed.)

Enjoy your gateway to the city of Ghalib, Dilli. While you’re still young, explore the cultures of your magnificent country in the heart of its capital. From the architectural marvels from the time of Mughal Dynasty, to the iconic Rashtrapati Bhavan which is the seat of President of India, Delhi is filled with some of the most beautiful places in India. A stop at Hazrat Nizamuddin’s Dargah for a live Qawwali session will leave you mesmerized.

Best time to visit: October to March
How to reach

By air: Delhi’s Indira Gandhi International airport is very well connected to cities across India and the world.
By rail: Delhi has an extensive railway network with major railway stations like New Delhi Railway Station, Old Delhi Railway Station, Hazrat Nizamuddin Railway Station, Sarai Rohila, and Old Sabzi Mandi
By road: Delhi is well connected by bus to cities like Jaipur, Agra, Alwar, Chandigarh, Amritsar, Shimla, Manali, Dharamsala, Dehradun, and even Kathmandu. Commuters can get buses from Interstate Bus Terminals at Kashmiri Gate, Anand Vihar, & Sarai Kale Khan, and other spots like Majnu ka Tila & Bikaner House.
Attractions: The Red Fort, Qutub Minar, Jama Masjid, Lotus Temple, Akshardham, Rashtrapati Bhavan, and Humayun’s Tomb.

Average Temperature: 25 to 34 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 35 Hill Stations Near Delhi For A Peaceful Getaway

32. Meghalaya – An Abode Of Clouds
Tourists exploring cave in Meghalaya
Image Source

Much famed as the Scotland of the East, Meghalaya is one of the refreshing holiday destinations in India. Comprising reviving greens and mighty mountains, Meghalaya is a must to be explored once in a lifetime. Also, if you aren’t afraid of heights, insects, darkness and tight spaces, caving would prove to be a great adventure in Meghalaya for you! And if you are, what a better time to beat your fears in the deepest and longest caves of entire South Asia? What if you return as the next Bruce Wayne, err?

Best time to visit: March to July
How to reach

By air: Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport at Guwahati in Assam (118 km from Shillong, the capital of Meghalaya) is the nearest international airport. Umroi Airport at Umroi, 30 km from Shillong, is the nearest domestic airport.
By rail: Mendipathar railway station is located in Resubelpara Municipal Board Jurisdiction of Meghalaya at a distance of 225 km from Shillong. However, the Guwahati Junction in Assam is the nearest rail head with good connectivity to other cities of India.
Attractions: Umiam Lake, Nohkalikai Falls, Elephant Falls, Seven Sisters Falls, Shillong View Point, Spread Eagle Falls, Wah Umngot River, Nohwet Living Root Bridge, Kynrem falls, Khasi Hills, Khoh Ramhah or Motrop (Giant conical rock), and Garo Hills

Average Temperature: 17.1 degree celsius

Suggested Read: The Ultimate List of Adventure Holidays In India for Summer

33. Sikkim – Home Of Ancient Buddhist Monasteries
Volunteer with the monks in Sikkim
Image Source

Life is not all about exploring the world. Feel the mystical essence of Buddhism around you, visit places in Sikkim and its host of monasteries. And if you happen to like them, maybe, volunteer with the monks and master the art of giving at one of the best places in India!

Best time to visit: March to June and September to December
How to reach

By air: Bagdogra Airport in West Bengal (124 km from Gangtok) is the nearest airport. A 20 minutes’ helicopter ride from Bagdogra will take you further on till Gangtok, the capital of Sikkim.
By rail: New Jalpaiguri Railway Station in Siliguri (148 km from Gangtok) is the nearest rail head.
By road: The cities of Sikkim are well-connected to Darjeeling (West Bengal) by good quality roads.
Attractions: Nathu La, Hanuman Tok, Rumtek Monastery, Khecheopalri Lake, Tsomgo Lake, Phodong Monastery, & Teesta River in Gangtok, Yumthang Valley, Buddha Park of Ravangla, Kanchenjunga Falls, Lingdum Monastery, and Singshore Bridge

Average Temperature: 18 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 31 Reasons Why You Should Never Visit North East India

34. Agra – The Land Of Taj
Symbol of Love - Taj Mahal in Agra
Image Source

Tourists across the world visit India just to witness the spectacular symbol of love. The majestic monument has to be on your bucket list for it’s the cultural epitome of India.

Best time to visit: April to October
How to reach

By air: Kheria airport, 13 km away from Agra, is a seasonal commercial airport and is connected only by Air India flights from New Delhi.
By rail: Agra Cantt Station (the main station), Agra Fort Railway Station, Raja ki Mandi, Agra City, and Idgah Railway Station are well-connected by a network of trains to cities like Delhi, Jaipur, Gwalior, Jhansi, Kolkata, Mumbai, and Chennai.
By road: Agra has two major interstate bus terminals called Idgah Bus Stand and ISBT that connect it to cities like Delhi, Jaipur, Gwalior, Lucknow, & Kanpur.
Attractions: Taj Mahal, Agra Fort, Tomb of I’timād-ud-Daulah, Mehtab Bagh, Jama Masjid, Guru ka Tal, Tomb of Akbar the Great, Chini Ka Rauza, Moti Masjid, Fatehpur Sikri, Dilli Gate, Great gate (Darwaza i rauza), Amar Singh Gate, Kaanch Mahal, and Sikandra

Average Temperature: 24 to 34 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 10 Soulful Retreats Near Agra For A Break Away From The Crowds

35. Cherrapunji – The Land Of Living Root Bridges
Root bridges in Cherrapunji
Cherrapunji is a great sight for those who want to experience something surreal and out of the blue. Much famed for being the land of many waterfalls, the living root bridges are something that will leave you awestruck for sure.

Best time to visit: November to May
How to reach

By air: Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport in Guwahati (163 km away) is the nearest air connect.
By rail: Guwahati is the nearest railhead to Cherrapunji.
Attractions: Nohkalikai Falls, Daiñthlen Falls, Thangkharang Park, Kynrem Falls, Mawsmai Cave, Seven Sisters Falls, and more.

Average Temperature: 17 to 24 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 10 Reasons To Visit Cherrapunji That Make It A Heaven On Earth

36. Dalhousie – Witness The Victorian Architecture
Dalhousie
Image Source

Other than the refreshing greens, magnificent views of the mountains, gushing rivers, and the mesmerizing beauty of the nature, Dalhousie is also considered to be famous for its Victorian architecture. Once a summer capital of the British, Dalhousie is also one of the best holiday destinations in India.

Best time to visit: March to June
How to reach

By air: Pathankot is the nearest airport to Dalhousie which is just 85 kms away.
By rail: Pathankot also happens to be the nearest railhead to Dalhousie which again is just 85 kms away.
By road: Dalhousie is well-connected to the neighboring cities via road and many state-run and private buses and cabs have good connectivity to this hill station.
Attractions: Panch Pulla, Kalatop Wildlife Sanctuary, Satdhara Falls, Daikund Peak, Subhash Baoli, St. John’s Church, and Chamunda Devi Temple.

Average Temperature: 15 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 10 Alluring Places To Visit In Dalhousie

37. Hampi – Where The Ancient Ruins Come Alive
Travel to Hampi for the majestic architectural grandeur
Image Source

Hampi’s world heritage site is amongst the must visit tour places in India. Known for its old monumental and architectural beauty, Hampi place will dispose you to a world of aesthetics. PS: Don’t plan a trip to Hampi in summers.

Best time to visit: October to February
How to reach

By air: Hubli Airport (144 km away) and Belgaum Airport (215 km away) are two major domestic airports near Hampi.
By rail: Hospet Junction, the nearest railway station to Hampi, is about 13 km away.
By road: Hampi is one of the weekend getaways from Bangalore and is well connected to Hospet, Hassan, Mysore, and other nearby cities by road.
Attractions: Virupaksha Temple, Vijaya Vittala Temple, Matanga Hill, Hemakuta Hill Temple, Hazara Rama Temple, and Achyutaraya Temple.

Average Temperature: 27.3 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 13 Most Riveting Places To Visit In Hampi

38. Jabalpur – Watch The Mighty Dhuandhar Falls Cascading
Witness the frothing white Dhuandhar Falls in Jabalpur
Image Source

Jabalpur may not be on your list of best tourist places to see in India before you turn 30, but a trip to these stunning white waterfalls which emanate a mist of smoke will leave you spellbound.

Best time to visit: August to March
How to reach

By air: Dumna domestic airport in Jabalpur is the nearest airport.
By rail: Jabalpur Junction is the nearest railway head.
Attractions: Dhuandhar Falls, Marble Rocks, Rani Durgavati Museum, Madan Mahal, Dumna Nature Reserve Park, and Bhawartal Garden.

Average Temperature: 23 to 31 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 10 Waterfalls in India You Need to Explore This Summer

39. Mathura – The Birth Place Of Lord Krishna
Holi Celebrations in Vrindavan
Image Source

Allow your spirit to soak in the raas-leela of Vrindavan. The place that celebrates Krishna’s living philosophy. The festival is ecstatic to say the least and celebration of colors here would the best you’d experience ever in your life.

Best time to visit: November to March
How to reach

By air: Kheria airport in Agra, located at a distance of 49 km from Mathura, is the nearest air connect.
By rail: Mathura has its own railway station.
By road: Mathura is well-connected to Agra (49 km away), Delhi (182 km away), Vrindavan (14 km away), and other cities of North India.
Attractions: Shri Krishna Janmabhoomi, Prem Mandir Vrindavan, Government Museum, Krishna Balaram Mandir, Vishram Ghat, Kans Quila, and Jama Mosque.

Average Temperature: 34.7 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 15 Picturesque Places In India That Will Glam Up Your Instagram Profile

40. Hyderabad – Relish The Real Taste Of The Nizam’s Culture
Hyderabad 
Hyderabad is to India what New York is to USA. Owing much of its popularity to the royal culture of Nizams, fast-paced lifestyle, buzzing cafes, and growing population, Hyderabad is one of the best places to visit where travelers can look forward to having a great time.

Best time to visit: September to March
How to reach

By air: Hyderabad has its own Rajiv Gandhi International Airport which is located at a distance of 22 kms from the city centre.
By rail: The city of Nizams also has a well-connected railway network which connected Hyderabad to all the major cities in the country.
By road: Many state-run and private buses run from nearby cities like Mumbai, Bangalore, and Chennai to Hyderabad on daily basis.
Attractions: Charminar, Golconda, Ramoji Film City, Chowmahalla Palace, Salar Jung Museum, Makkah Masjid, and Purani Haveli.

Average Temperature: 22 to 31 degree celsius

Suggested Read: 8 Picnic Spots In Hyderabad To Have A Gala Time With Friends & Family!

41. Amritsar – A Blend Of Culture, Food, & Religious Sites
Golden Temple in Amritsar
Image Source

Before you turn 30, it is a must visit this spiritual and historical getaway that promises the nourishment of the soul. Spend some time revisiting the significant history of Amritsar while making sure that you do not miss out on visiting the famous Golden Temple as well. The experience is simply worth it.

Best time to visit: November to February
How to reach

By air: Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport in Amritsar is well-connected to other cities.
By rail: Amritsar Junction Railway Station has an extensive network of trains.
Attractions: Golden Temple, Jallianwala Bagh, Durgiana Temple, Akal Takht, Maharaja Ranjit Singh Museum, Partition Museum, and Central Sikh Museum.

Suggested Read: Taj Mahal vs Golden Temple: Which One Would You Choose?

42. Orissa – The Land Of Temples
Konark Temple in Orissa
Image Source

Travel to the historical land which serves as a home to many age-old Hindu temples. Situated by the sea, Konark Temple in Orissa is one of the famous temples that tells you many interesting stories about the origin of human sexuality. Also, for those who have enough time, beautiful highways in Orissa lead to some exceptionally picturesque attractions that are yet to be explored.

Best time to visit: September to March
How to reach

By air: Bhubaneswar airport, 62 km from Konark, is connected by frequent flights to numerous major cities India including Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi, and Hyderabad.
By rail: Puri Railway Station, 36 km away, is connected to all major cities.
Attractions: Konark Sun Temple, Chilika Lake, Nandankanan Zoological Park, Puri Beach, Simlipal National Park, and Lingaraja Temple.

Suggested Read: 10 Tourist Places In Odisha – The Land Of Incredible India

43. Mahabalipuram – An Epitome Of Art & Architecture
Mahabalipuram 
Image Source

A quaint little town that lies on a stretch of a land between the Great Salt Lake, and the Bay of Bengal, Mahabalipuram is also much famed as Mamallapuram by the locals. Famous for the monuments and temples that date back to the 7th century, Mahabalipuram is a living witness to the great works of the Pallava dynasty.

Best time to visit: November to February
How to reach

By air: Chennai airport is the nearest airport to Mahabalipuram at a distance of about 40 kms.
By rail: Egmore railway station is the nearest railhead to Mahabalipuram at a distance of just 55 kms.
By road: Mahabalipuram is well connected to the nearby cities of Chennai, Bangalore, Coimbatore, Trichy, and Madurai via roadways.
Attractions: Mahabalipuram Beach, Shore Temple, Five Rathas, Arjuna’s Penance, Alamparai Fort, Tiger’s Caves, Sadras, and the Crocodile Bank.

Suggested Read: 20 Best Tourist Places In Tamil Nadu That Prove That The State Is A Crown Studded With Gems

44. Visakhapatnam – Revisit One Of The Best Beaches In India
Visakhapatnam
Image Source

From the famous beaches like that of Ramakrishna, Rushikonda, and Yarada beach to the thrilling cable car ride that takes the travelers atop the picturesque Kailasagiri Hill, there’s a lot more to the hidden gem of Visakhapatnam than what meets the eyes. Exhibiting a range of attractions like that of pristine beaches, hill stations, conserved submarine, temples, museums, caves, and wildlife sanctuaries, Visakhapatnam is undoubtedly one beautiful places in India to watch out for in future.

Best time to visit: September to March
How to reach

By air: The city has its own Visakhapatnam International Airport that is well connected to major cities in India.
By rail: Visakhapatnam is well connected to the cities of Hyderabad, New Delhi, Chennai, and Kolkata by a good network of railway.
One can board onto regular buses that run from the neighboring cities of Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Tirupati, Chennai, and Bhubaneswar.
Attractions: Kailasagiri Hill Park, INS Kursura in Submarine Museum, Indira Gandhi Zoological Park, Visakha Museum, Ramakrishna Mission Beach, Rushikonda Beach, Varaha Lakshmi Narasimha Temple, Yarada Beach, Tenneti Park, Ross Hill, and Lawsons Bay Beach Park.

Suggested Read: These Richest Cities In India Let You Witness The Best Of Modern Lifestyle & Old World Charm

45. Ooty – Meet The Queen Of The Nilgiri Mountains
Ooty 
Image Source

Much famed as Udhagamandalam amongst the locals, Ooty is one of the most popular and frequented holiday destinations in India. Home to mighty rock mountains, the thrilling Nilgiri Mountain Railway, refreshing gardens, and dangerous hair-pin bends, Ooty never fails to charm the travelers with its magic.

Best time to visit: March to June
How to reach

By air: Coimbatore International Airport is the nearest airport to Ooty located at a distance of just 88 kms.
By rail: Coimbatore Junction is also the nearest railhead to Coimbatore at a distance of just 88 kms.
By road: Ooty has regular bus services from the nearby cities and towns of Coonoor, Mettupalayam, Coimbatore, Trichy, and Chennai.
Attractions: Ooty Botanical Garden, Rose Garden, Ooty Lake, Ride the toy train, Doddabetta Peak, Dolphin’s Nose, Thread Garden, Kalhatti Falls, Emerald Lake, and Kamaraj Sagar Dam.

Suggested Read: 10 Places To Visit In Ooty That Are Fun & Incredibly Spectacular

46. Kodaikanal – The Princess Of Southern Hill Stations
Kodaikanal
Image Source

Literally translating into “the gift of the forests”, Kodaikanal is one of the richest blessings of nature that the state of Tamil Nadu has received. Lush forests encircled by the hills, and filled with cascading waterfalls and pillar formations, Kodaikanal is undoubtedly one of the best places to visit in India before you die.

Best time to visit: September to May
How to reach

By air: Located at a distance of about 120 kms, Madurai airport is the nearest airstrip to Kodaikanal.
By rail: The railway station of Kodai Road is the nearest railhead to Kodaikanal at a distance of 100 kms.
By road: Kodaikanal has frequent bus services from the nearby cities Ooty, Coimbatore, Madurai, Trichy, Bangalore, Chennai, and Kochi.
Attractions: Pillars Rocks, Kodai Lake, Coakers Walk, Green Valley View, Bear Shola Falls, Devil’s Kitchen, Dolphin’s Nose, Bryant Park, and Berijam Lake.

Suggested Read: Kodaikanal vs Ooty For Honeymoon: What’s Your Pick?

47. Pondicherry – The Quaint Little French Beach Town
Pondicherry
Image Source

Much famed to be the French Riviera of the East, Pondicherry or Puducherry happens to be one of the famous tourist places in India for those who are looking forward to a laid-back beach vacation. Witness the beautiful culture of this quaint little French town and savouring the delicious seafood is a must when in Pondy.

Best time to visit: October to March
How to reach

By air: Chennai airport is the nearest airport to Pondicherry which is located at a distance of 125 kms when traveled via the East Coast Road (ECR).
By rail: Villupuram Railway Junction is the closest railhead to Pondicherry located at a distance of just 37 kms.
By road: Pondicherry is the most accessible via the ECR road from the neighboring cities of Chennai, Coimbatore, Bangalore, Madurai, Trichy, and Egmore.
Attractions: The Seaside Promenade, Paradise Beach, Auroville Ashram, Chunnambar Boat House, Basilica of Sacred Heart of Jesus, and Sri Manakula Vinayagar Temple.

Suggested Read: 9 Amazing Places To Visit In India’s French Colony : Pondicherry

48. Mahabaleshwar – Relish The Best Of Western Ghats
Mahabaleshwar
Image Source

Considered to be one of the most picturesque tourist destinations in India, Mahabaleshwar is one of the refreshing retreats that Western Ghats has to offer to the travelers. From the cascading waterfalls to the lush green ghats, your visit to Mahabaleshwar will be wrapped in mist and guided by the clouds.

Best time to visit: October to June
How to reach

By air: New Pune International Airport is the nearest airport to Mahabaleshwar located at a distance of just 136 kms.
By rail: Wathar is the nearest railway station located to Mahabaleshwar at a distance of about 60 kms.
By road: There are regular buses that run from the common places in Mumbai like that of Vashi, Dadar East, and Sion till Mahabaleshwar.
Attractions: Elephant’s Head Point, Chinaman’s Fall, Dhobi Waterfalls, Arthur’s seat, Panchgani, Venna Lake, Mahabaleshwar Temple, and Wilson Point.

Suggested Read: Top 15 Places To Visit In Mahabaleshwar

49. Darjeeling – Home Of The Thrilling Himalayan Railway
Darjeeling
Image Source

Considered to be the most frequented tourist destinations in India, Darjeeling is a common name in the houses of those who love chai more than anything else. Renowned across the world for its varieties of tea, Darjeeling effortlessly charms everyone with its refreshing greens and soothing blues.

Best time to visit: February to March and September to December
How to reach

By air: Bagdogra Airport is the nearest airport to Darjeeling which is 38 kms away.
By rail: New Jalpaiguri is the nearest railhead to Darjeeling at a distance of just 62 kms.
By road: One can board one of the regular buses that run from Siliguri to Darjeeling on daily basis. However, there are many buses that frequently travel to Darjeeling from nearby cities of Kurseong, Kalimpong, and more.
Attractions: Tiger Hill, Batasia loop, Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, The Japanese Peace Pagoda, the Rock Garden, Nightingale Park, and Sandakphu Peak.

Suggested Read: New Forest Trail In Darjeeling: A Holy Grail, Only For All Cyclists!

50. Ziro – An Escape For The Peace Seekers
Ziro Valley
Image Source

Silent, serene, and splendid is what Ziro is synonymous with. Though this picturesque town is popular across the world for its famous Ziro Festival, most of the destination still remains unexplored to a large extent. From the rice fields to the misty mountains, Ziro is indeed one of the must-visit Indian tourist places.

Best time to visit: Throughout the year.

How to reach

By air: Jorhat Airport is the nearest airport to Ziro which is located at a distance of about 98 kms.
By rail: Naharlagun is the nearest railway station to Ziro which is located at a distance of about 100 kms.
By road: The best option by road is to hire a cab or taxi from Jorhat or Guwahati. The journey takes about 7 hours to reach Ziro from there. However, one can also board the state-run buses from the capital city of Itanagar.
Attractions: Talley Valley Wildlife Sanctuary, Kile Pakho, Tarin Fish Farm, Shiv Linga, Pine Grove, Meghna Cave Temple, and Dolo Mando.

Suggested Read: 14 Hidden, But Beautiful Islands In India For A Memorable Escape To Bliss In 2020

51. Khajjiar – India’s Mini Switzerland
Khajjiar Valley
Image Source

Khajjiar is a small hilltown in Himachal Pradesh which is blessed with an abundance of scenic beautiful. Situated at an altitude of 6,500 feet, this place features vast dense forests, lakes and wide pasture lands. The town is known for the picturesque Khajjiar Lake, which is surrounded by forests of cedar trees. Another popular pilgrimage and tourist spot in Khajjiar is the Khajji Nag Temple, a 12th century shrine that worships a serpent deity. There are some really interesting adventure activities including paragliding, zorbing and horse-riding that you can enjoy in Khajjiar.

Best time to visit: Throughout the year, especially summer (April-June). January and February may see heavy rainfall and snowfall.
How to reach

By air: Nearest airport is Gaggal airport (120 km) in Dharamshala
By rail: Pathankot (118 km) is the nearest railway station and can be reached via trains from Delhi, Chandigarh and Bhatinda. Taxis are available from the station to Khajjiar.
By road: Khajjiar is easily accessible by road, from the major towns of Himachal Pradesh
Attractions: Kalatop Wildlife Sanctuary, Lord Shiva Statue, Golden Devi Temple, HP State Handicrafts Center

Suggested Read: Ziro Music Festival: Everything You Need To About This Trippy Delight In The Hills

52. Mount Abu – Rajasthan’s Only Hill station
Mount Abu lake
Image Source

Mount Abu is the only hill station in Rajasthan. This climate here is cool due to its location on the Aravali Range. In fact, the highest peak of the Aravallis fall within Mount Abu. The hill station rests on a plateau surrounded by lush green forest and offers great views of the plains below. There are many specific viewpoints including Honeymoon Point and Sunset Point, to enjoy these picturesque sights. Nakki Lake is a popular spot to enjoy boating in Mount Abu.

Best time to visit: July – February
How to reach

By air: The nearest airport is in Udaipur (185 km) and but the Ahmedabad airport (221 km) has higher connectivity.
By rail: The nearest railway station is Abu Road, which is well connected to major cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Jaipur and Ahmedabad
By road:The nearest NH to Mount Abu is NH14 and is well connected with major cities of India.
Attractions: Mount Abu Wildlife Sanctuary, Nakki Lake, Dilwara Temple, Toad Rock, Guru Shikhar, Achalgarh Village, Guru Shikhar

Suggested Read: 10 Flower Valleys In India & Around The World That’ll Make You Believe In Heaven

53. Nainital – The City Of Lakes
Naini Lake
Image Source

Located at an elevation of 2,000m, Nainital is a resort town in the Kumaon Hills of Uttarakhand. The place gets its name from a lake called ‘Naini Lake’ around which the whole town is established. The lake is popular for boating scenes and has an ancient Devi Hindu Temple on its northern shore. Nainital has a pleasant climate throughout the year. Surrounded by many snow-capped hills and having a number of lakes in its boundary, there are a plethora of beautiful sights that you can enjoy here.

Best time to visit: March to June
How to reach

By air: Pantnagar Airport (72 km) is the nearest airport to Nainital.
By rail: The nearest railway station is Kathgodham Railway Station (34 km), connecting Nainital to Delhi, Dehradun, Lucknow, Kolkata and Agra. You can hire a taxi from the station.
By road:Nainital is well connected to several big and small cities through road and overnight bus services are available
Attractions: Naina Peak, Tiffin Top, Snow View Point, Sariyatal Lake, Bhimtal Lake, Khurpatal Lake, Eco Cave Gardens, The Mall Road

54. Lakshadweep – A Tropical Island
Lakshadweep island
Image Source

The Indian islands, Lakshadweep is an archipelago (group) of 36 islands which consists of 12 atolls, 3 reefs and 5 submerged banks. This is one of the most popular tropical island destinations and the smallest Union Territory in India. Only some islands of this archipelago are inhabited and just a few are open to the visitors. But the pristine beaches, azure waters, beach resorts and water adventure sports make Lakshadweep a travel-must. Kavaratti is one of the most developed islands and is popular for beautifully decorated mosques.

Best time to visit: September to May
How to reach

By air: The Cochin International Airport connects Lakshadweep to the mainland
By sea:There are 7 passenger-ship services available from Cochin to Lakshadweep
Attractions: Minicoy Island, Agatti Islands, Bangaram Island, Kalpeni Islands

55. Chopta – A Small Green Paradise
Chopta Valley
Image Source

Chopta is a small but significant region in Uttarakhand. The place is covered with alpine and grassy meadows and forests making this a peaceful getaway into the laps of nature. The Chopta Valley is surrounded by many mighty mountain peaks that create a breathtaking backdrop. A part of the Kedarnath Wildlife Sanctuary, Chopta is also a base for trekking to Tungnath, one of the Panch Kedar. The best way to explore this place is through trekking and visiting the local tourist spots on the way.

Best time to visit: March to June
How to reach

By air: Jolly Grant Airport in Dehradun (97 km) is the nearest airport
By rail: Rishikesh railway station (100 km) is the nearest railway head. From there you can take a mini bus or cab to Chopta
By road: Chopta can be reached by taking the NH58
Attractions: Tungnath Temple, Deori Tal, Kanchula Korak Musk Deer Sanctuary, Ukhimath

56. Spiti – A Desert Hill Station
Spiti Valley
Image Source

Located at altitude of 12,500 feet above the sea level, Spiti Valley is one of the most sought after travel destinations in Himachal Pradesh. ‘Spiti’ means ‘the middle land’. The region is characterized by winding roads, wide valleys, arid deserts and snow-capped mountains. The clear and open sky in Spiti will leave you spellbound while you stargaze in the night. The valley has some of the oldest monasteries that you that add to the charm of this mystic region. Spiti is also a trekking hotspot popular among the adventure enthusiasts.

Best time to visit: Mid May to Mid October
How to reach

By air: The nearest airport to Spiti Valley is in Bhuntar (245 km) near Kullu.
By rail: The nearest broad gauge railway station with good connectivity is in Chandigarh.
By road: There are direct buses available from Chandigarh, Shimla, Kullu Manali and few other part of North India.
Attractions: Chandratal Lake, Key Monastery, Kunzum Pass, Pin Valley National Park, Suraj Tal Lake, Dhankar Monastery, Tabo Monastery

57. Sonamarg – Blooming Valleys
Sonamarg Velley
Image Source

Sonamarg is a serene hill town in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir. The sight of snow-capped mountains, blooming-fields lush green valleys and pristine lakes is simply mesmerizing. The term ‘Sonamarg’ means ‘the land of gold’. Sonamark features a number of beautiful mountain lakes, including Gangabal and Satsar. Krishnasar is one of the most popular lakes and a hotspot for fishing. Sonmarg is also a historically significant places as it was a gateway to the ancient Silk Route.

Best time to visit: May to October
How to reach

By air: The nearest airport is in Srinagar (70 km)
By rail: The nearest railway station is Jammu Tawi Railway Station in Jammu
By road: You can either drive or board one of the regular buses that run from Jammu and Srinagar to Sonamarg
Attractions: Thajiwas Glacier, Zoji-La Pass, Vishansar Lake, Nilagrad River, Baltal Valley, Krishnasar Lake,

58. Almora – Horse-Shoe Shaped Town
Almora hill station
Image Source

Almora is a hill town in Uttarakhand, shaped like a horse-shoe. The mighty Himalayan ranges and rare wildlife make this place every nature lovers dream destination. The two major rivers, Koshi and Suyal, flowing through this town add to the beauty this place. In fact, the beauty and the pleasant climate of Almora had won the heart of Mahatma Gandhi too, who compared Almora with Europe. Rich in cultural heritage, the town is also famous for handicrafts and traditional cuisines.

Best time to visit: Throughout the year
How to reach

By air: Pantnagar (115 km) is the nearest airport.
By rail: Kathgodam is the nearest railway station
By road: Almora is well connected with major North Indian cities by road
Attractions: Zero Point, Jageshwar, Katarmal Sun Temple, Kasar Devi Temple, Chitai Temple, Deer Park, Dunagiri, Jalna, Bright End Corner

59. Orchha – Hub Of Temples
Orchha Fort
Image Source

Located in the Tikamgarh district of Madhya Pradesh, Orchha is a town known for its grand historical structures including palaces, temples and forts. Set on the banks of Betwa river, the medieval architectural heritage of this place attracts tourists from around the world. Orchha is also popular for its frescos and classical murals paintings. There are many beautiful temples in this town. Chaturbhuj Temple is one of the most popular temple which was built by the queen of Orchha, Ganeshi Bai.

Best time to visit: July to March
How to reach

By air: Gwalior airport (140 km) is the nearest airport
By rail: Jhansi railway station (18 km) is the nearest railway station.
By road: Jhansi (16 km) is the nearest bus stop. There is no direct connectivity by road to Orchha.
Attractions: Jahangir Mahal, Raja Mahal, Orchha Fort, Ram Raja Temple, Chattris, Chaturbhuj Temple,Phool Baag

60. Gwalior – A Majestic Fort City
Gwalior Fort
Image Source

Gwalior is a historic city in Madhya Pradesh founded by Surajesan. It is known for its grand forts, palaces, rock temples and statues that reflect the heritage of the city. The spectacular Gwalior Fort, built in the 8th century is a major attraction and gives a panoramic view of the entire city. Being the birthplace of the great Indian musician, Tansen, Gwalior also hosts a 4-day Tansen Musical Fest to celebrate various forms of classical music.

Best time to visit: July to March
How to reach

By air: Gwalior airport is a major airport in the region
By rail: Gwalior is well connected to major parts of the country through railways
By road:NH3, NH75 and NH92 are the national highways that connect Gwalior with other major cities of India.
Attractions: Gwalior Fort, Jai Vilas Palace, Gujari Mahal, Man Mandir Palace, Tomb of Tansen, Teli Ka Mandir, Saas Bahu Temple, Scindia Museum

Suggested Read: 26 Best Honeymoon Places In India In February 2020 For All Kinds Of Travelers

61. Gokarna – A Peacefull Goa
Gokarna Om Beach
Image Source

Gokarna is a town on the Arabian Sea, located in Karnataka. It is a Hindu pilgrimage destination, with a number of sacred sites including the Mahabaleshwara Temple and Koti Teertha. Gokarna is often metaphorized as a ‘crowd-less Goa’. The places has many amazing beaches where you can spend some time relaxing in peace.

Best time to visit: Throughout the year
How to reach

By air: Nearest airport is Dabolim in Goa, from where you can take a taxi or train to Gokarna
By rail: The nearest railway station is the Gokarna Road (8 km from the main city)
By road: Gokarna is well-connected by road to other major cities of India.
Attractions: Om Beach, Mahabaleshwara Temple, Kudle Beach, Gokarna Beach, Yaana, Half Moon Beach, Koti Tirtha, Paradise Beach

62. Pahalgam – Saffron Fields And More
Pahalgam golf course
Image Source

A hill station in Jammu And Kashmir, Pahalgam is a nature’s paradise. Small houses, saffron farms, green fields, and lush valleys with the mighty Himalayan ranges forming the backdrop, Pahalgam is one of the most picturesque destinations of North India. The Overa Aru Wildlife Sanctuary located here is a habitat for many Himalayan species of fauna and flora including the musk deer and brown bears. There are many fast flowing river in Pahalgam which makes it a perfect river rafting site too.

Best time to visit: Throughout the year
How to reach

By air: Nearest airport is Srinagar Airport (91.1 km)
By rail: You can reach Pahalgam by road through regular bus services, taxi or cab
By road: N/A
Attractions: Aru Valley, Betaab Valley, Lidder River, Kolahoi Glacier, Chandanwari, Mamleshwar Temple, Lolab Valley

63. Landsdowne – Heavenly Place
hill stations near delhi cover picture
Lansdowne, the quaint hillside of Uttarakhand is gradually becoming a popular tourist attraction, especially because of its old world charm and lush green mountainscape decorated with deodar and pine groves. Dating back to 1895, St. Mary Church still flaunts that old world charm in its every corner and is considered one of the best places to visit in Lansdowne.

Best time to visit: April to June

How to reach

By air: Nearest airport from Lansdowne is Jolly Grant, located 150 km away. The airport is connected to Delhi via frequent flights.
By rail: For those wanting to reach Lansdowne by train, the nearest railway station from Lansdowne is Kotdwar, at a distance of 40 km. Kotdwar Station is well-connected to various cities and towns of North India.
By road: You can board a bus for Kotdwar or Dugadda from Kashmiri Gate.
Attractions: Tip N Top, Bhulla Lake, War Memorial, Tarkeshwar Mahadev Temple, Darwan Singh Museum

64. Joshimath – Place Of Worship
Joshimath
Joshimath, in northern the tip of the Indian subcontinent on the Himalayas, is one of the major tourist attractions in Northern India. Joshimath is one of the most beautiful tourist attractions in the state of Uttarakhand, which attracts tourists who are always in pursuit of a peaceful vacation. While one can visit the hills throughout the year, the best time to visit Joshimath is during summers, as it offers excellent relief from the sizzling summer heat.

Best time to visit: April to June

How to reach

By air: Jolly Grant Airport lies at 270 km from Joshimath.
By rail: Rishikesh, which is the closest railway station, is around 250 km from Joshimath.
By road: If you are starting from Delhi, you should reach Rishikesh first. Rishikesh is also well connected via road to different parts of the nation.
Attractions: Ghangaria, Auli ropeway, Nanda Devi National Park, Tapovan, Narsingh Temple, Vishnuprayag river, Govindghat

65. Tawang – Backpacking Trip
Things to do in Tawang
Tawang’s landscape is adorned with massive rocky yet green mountains, group of Buddhist monasteries, and ethnicity of Monpa hamlets. Its iconic 17th-century monastery has always been a boss at stealing hearts. Warm hospitality and pleasant weather are two primary reasons Tawang is counted among one of the best places to visit in India before you turn 30.

Best time to visit: April to June, September to October

How to reach

By air: The nearest airport from Tawang is Salonibari Airport, at a distance of 315 km.
By rail: The nearest railhead is Tezpur Railway Station, 385 km away.
By road: Tawang is 1404 km away from Kolkata, nearest major city from Tawang. Make sure you make sufficient stops enroute.
Attractions: Tawang Monastery, Nuranang Waterfall, Tawang War Memorial

66. Manikaran – Hot Springs Favourite
entrance to manikaran
A pilgrimage center for Hindus and Sikhs, Manikaran is most popular for its hot springs. With religious tourists pouring-in in large numbers, it has become quite crowded. Manikaran is located 90 km from Manali. Descend on this area of worship and seek the blessings of Gods. It is considered as one of the best places to visit in India before you turn 30.

Best time to visit: April to June

How to reach

By air: Bhuntar airport is 24 km away from Manikaran.
By rail: The nearest railhead is Summer Hill Railway Station, 106 km away.
By road: The best way to reach Manikaran from Pathankot is to go in a bus till Bhuntar and then take a local bus.
Attractions: Grahan Street, Chalal Trek Trail, Gurudwara Shri Manikaran Sahib

67. Shimoga – Karnataka’s Hidden Gem
The top view of valley in Agumbe in Shimoga
An offbeat and picturesque hill station, Shimoga is the true gem of Karnataka. Bestowed with verdant hills, valleys, thick forests, and wildlife, Shimoga speaks of nothing but surreal and scenic beauty. With a pleasant climate and mesmerizing sceneries, you will have the time of your life here. It is considered as one of the most offbeat places to visit in India before you turn 30.

Best time to visit: March to June

How to reach

By air: The nearest International Airport is Mangalore Airport, Mangalore, roughly 195 Kms from Shimoga.
By rail: Shimoga has its own Railway Station named as Shimoga Nagar Railway station.
By road: Shimoga is well-connected to Bhadravathi, Kadur, Banavara, Tumkur, Bangalore and Goa. You can take the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation buses.
Attractions: Jog falls, Kodachadri, Dabbe falls, Agumbe, Gudavi bird sanctuary

68. Madikeri – Scenic Beauty
A beautiful shot of the Abbey waterfalls in Madikeri
Madikeri is one of the most visited hill stations in Karnataka. Encircled by the Western Ghats, it is known for its scenic beauty, misty hills, wildlife, local cuisines, and coffee plantations. Staying in the lap of nature is nothing less than stepping into heaven. You will have a blast here. We suggest you take this trip solo. You can also take this trip with friends or family, however.

Best time to visit: July to September

How to reach

By air: The town of Madikeri doesn’t have an airport of its own. The airport in Mangalore can be used to reach Madikeri.
By rail: The nearest railhead is Kannur, which is 113 km from Madikeri.
By road: To reach Madikeri from Mysore, you can take any government or private bus.
Attractions: Raja’s seat, Madikeri Fort, Raja’s Tomb, Sree Kanchi Kamakshi Temple

69. Ranikhet – The Queen’s Meadow
Terrace farming in Ranikhet
A lovely cantonment hill-town in Uttarakhand, Ranikhet is also known as Queen’s Meadow. It is believed to be the resident of Queen Padmini of Kumaon. Revered shrines, a 9-hole golf course, rich orchards, and breathtaking nature in Ranikhet are the reasons why it is one of the best summer tourist places in India. It is considered as one of the most offbeat places to visit in India before you turn 30.

Best time to visit: September to February

How to reach

By air: The nearest airport from Ranikhet is Pantnagar Airport, at a distance of 110 km.
By rail: Kathgodam Railway Station is the nearest major railhead near Ranikhet. Both are located 75 km away from each other.
By road: Nearest major city from Ranikhet is Delhi, 355 km away from each other.
Attractions: Jhula Devi Temple, Mankameshwar Temple, Bhalu Dam

70. Kausani – Perfect Getaway For Couples
Empty Road in Kausani Uttrakhand
Located in the Bageshwar district of Uttarakhand, Kausani is a perfect getaway away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Kausani is famous for its 300 km wide scenic views of some of the tallest peaks of the Himalayas like Nanda Devi and Panchachuli. Kausani weather is mild and hovers around 9 to 26 degrees. It is considered as one of the best places to visit in India before you turn 30.

Best time to visit: April to June
How to reach

By air: The nearest airport to Kausani is Pantnagar (177 km).
By rail: One can take a train from anywhere in India to Kathgodam near Nainital, and further take a short bus ride of 4 hours (136km) to reach Kausani.
By road: You can hire a cab from New Delhi or your drive your own car to cover the 401 km distance which will take up to 10 hours.
Attractions: Gandhi Ashram, Rudradhari Falls and Caves, Baijnath Temple

71. Agumbe – Scenic Beauty
waterfall in agumbe
Known for its scenic beauty and biodiversity, Agumbe is a settlement situated in Karnataka. The lush rainforest also has many popular waterfalls such as Bakarna, Onake Abbi, and Jogi Gundi falls. There is a sunset viewpoint as well where you can enjoy the evening. If you are a wildlife enthusiast, you will be excited to know that there are some wild species that you can spot here like leopards and tigers.

Best time to visit: October to February

How to reach

By air: The nearest airport is Mangaluru Airport located about 95 km away from Agumbe village.
By rail: The closest railway stations is Udupi Railway Station (about 50 km away).
By road: You can directly take a bus from Bangalore going to Thirthahalli and then another bus from there to Agumbe.
Attractions: Enchanting waterfalls, sunset viewpoint, Sri Venugopala Krishna Swamy Temple

72. Munnar: Immerse In The Greenery
Munnar honeymoon places
Munnar is a place which is known for its beautiful tea gardens, lakes and pretty hill stations. Located at the Western Ghats, this is one of the best places to visit in India with friends and family. This beautiful hill station is the commercial centre for some of the biggest tea estates of the world. In addition to this the hill station is considered to be one of the most protected areas where some of the endemic and endangered species live.

Best Time To Visit: September To November, January To March

How To Reach

By Air: The nearest airport is the Cochin International Airport located 125 kms away
By Rail: The nearest railway station is Kochi and Ernakulam
By Road: One can take a cab or bus from Kochi, Aluva or Ernakulam

Attractions: Eravikulam National Park, Salim Ali Bird Sanctuary, Tea Plantations

Average Temperature: 19.4 degree celsius

Restaurants: Copper Castle, SN Restaurant, Sree Mahaveer Bhojanalaya Restaurant

73. Gangtok: Explore The Gateway To Sikkim
Gangtok Honeymoon
With the spectacular view of the Mt. Kanchenjunga in the backdrop and the alluring clouds covering the peaks, Gangtok appears to be an intact painted picture. This beautiful hill station is located amidst the mountains and clouds. And alongside that it is also a base for many trekkers who hike up to the Himalayan ranges. It is one of the most beautiful hill stations which has a blend of traditions and urbanisation.

Best Time To Visit: Late September to November and March to June

How To Reach

By Air: The nearest airport is Bagdogra, West Bengal which is 124 kilometres away
By Train: The nearest rail head is New Jalpaiguri which is 148 kilometres away
By Road: Take a car

Attractions: Nathu La Pass, Rumtek Monastery, MG Road

Average Temperature: 22 degree celsius

Restaurants in Gangtok: OSM Restro & Lounge, Taste Of Tibet

74. New Delhi – Enjoy A Day At India’s Capital 
Monument in Lodhi Garden, Delhi
The capital of India, Delhi brims with all the hustle bustle for the entire day. This metropolitan city reflects a beautiful blend of history and modernity with its monuments and fancy shopping places. Alongside that, the place is also famous for its incredible Delhi University which is renowned worldwide. There is a beautiful blend of culture and traditions which makes this city one of the top 25 tourist places in India.

Best Time To Visit: October To March
How To Reach
By Air: The nearest airport is Indira Gandhi International Airport
By Train: There are 4 major railway junctions – Puraani Dilli, New Delhi, Hazrat Nizamuddin and Anand Vihar
By Road: The major bus terminals in Delhi are Kashmere Gate ISBT, Sarai Kale Khan ISBT, Anand Vihar ISBT, Mandi House and Majnu Ka Tila

Attractions: Humayun’s Tomb, Qutub Minar, Red Fort, Akshardham Temple
Average Temperature: 7 Degree Celsius
Restaurants: Smokehouse Grill, Bikanervala Angan, Paranthe Wali Gali, All American Diner

75. Kanha National Park – Amidst The Wildlife 
Tourists taking a safari ride in Kanha National Park
Situated at the central region of Madhya Pradesh, the Kanha National Park is quite a famous place to visit. This is known as one of the best parks in Asia which shelters around 22 species of large mammals. Alongside that this place is also one of the well-known tiger reserves. Established in 1955, people visit this park to enjoy an exciting wildlife safari.

Best Time To Visit: Mid-October to June
How To Reach
By Air: There is no direct flight connectivity, The nearest is the Jabalpur airport which is located around 120 km away from Kanha National Park.
By Train: There is no direct train connectivity. Jabalpur Railway Station is the closest which is around 130 kms away from the national park.
By Road: Buses are available at short intervals from the nearest city Mandla.
Average Temperature: 14 Degree Celsius
Restaurants: Mogli Resorts, Kanha Resort, Kanha Jungle Lodge

76. Mussoorie – Tour To The Queen Of Hills 
Mussoorie
Mussoorie is considered to be one of the best places to visit in India with friends in Uttarakhand. Resting at the foothills of the Garhwal Himalayan ranges, this place is also known as the “Queen of Hills”. Located at a height of 7000 feet above sea level, this place has so much to offer beyond the pleasant climate and natural beauty of the hills.

Best Time To Visit: September To June
How To Reach
By Air: The nearest airport from Mussoorie is the Jolly Grant Airport which is located 30 Kms away
By Road: The hill station is well-connected with the major cities by the roadways and one can also hire a taxi from Dehradun or New Delhi to Mussoorie.
Attractions: Lal Tibba, Kempty Falls, Gun Hill
Average Temperature: 4 Degree Celsius
Restaurants in Mussoorie: Tavern, Neelam, Casa Mia Bakery, Emily’s, Tip Top Tea Shop

77. Tirupati – Glimpse Of Magnificent Temples 
visit temple
Located at the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh, Tirupati is famous for its majestic Venkateshwara Temple which is one of the most famous pilgrimage centres in India. Tirupati is believed to be one of the oldest cities which is mentioned in the ancient scriptures. And alongside that, people can see devotees rushing to the temple to take one glimpse of the 8-feet tall idol of Lord Venkateshwara.

Best Time To Visit: September To February
How To Reach
By Air: The nearest airport is the Tirupati airport which is located at a distance of 15 kms from the main city.
By Train: There are 3 railway stations to reach Tirupati which includes Tirupati Main, Renigunta and Anantharajupet.
By Road: There are regular buses which run from nearby cities like Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu
Attractions: Sri Venkateswara Temple, Swami Pushkarini Lake, City Shopping, Vedadri Narasimha Swamy Temple
Average Temperature: 20 Degree Celsius
Restaurants: Rainbow At Fortune Select Grand Ridge, Maurya, Andhra Spice, Hyderabad House

78. Vaishno Devi – Take A Religious Tour 
Vaishno Devi
Vaishno Devi is a holy cave which holds major importance in India and every year experience a vast number of devotees coming there. This place is located close to the Trikuta Hills, which is 13 kms away from Katra. This Holy Shrine was incepted in 1986 and since then the devotees come to this place to seek the blessings. This is one of the most famous places in India which must be visited at least once in a lifetime.

Best Time To Visit: March To October
How To Reach
By Air: The nearest airport from Katra is Jammu Airport or Sarwari Airport
By Train: The nearest railhead is Katra and connects the major cities
By Road: Buses run from Delhi, Amritsar, Jammu Tawi at affordable prices
Attractions: Ardh Kuwari Cave, Bhairavnath Temple, Dera Baba Banda, Katra
Average Temperature: 11 Degree Celsius
Restaurants: Sagar Ratna Restaurant, Mahduban, Prem Vaishno Dhaba

79. Alleppey – Enjoy The Houseboat Ride 
Places to visit near Alleppey
Also called Alappuzha, Alleppey is a beautiful city located in the South Indian State of Kerala and surrounded by the Laccadive Sea. Enclosed by the green paddy fields and the surreal avifauna, Alleppey is a place which is worth visiting. Counted as one of the dream places to visit in India, Alleppey is a home to backwaters, beaches and beautiful lagoons.

Best Time To Visit: October and February
How To Reach
By Air: There are no direct flights from Alleppey. To reach the place the nearest airport is Kochi which is located at a distance of 60kms.
By Train: Alappuzha railway station is the nearest station to reach Alleppey.
By Road: Buses run at very short intervals from places like Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and many other neighbouring places.
Attractions: Alappuzha Beach, Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary, Vembanad Lake, Nehru Trophy Boat Race
Average Temperature: 30 Degree Celsius
Restaurants: Vembanad Restaurant, Harbour Restaurant, Mushroom

80. Bangalore – Take A Tour Silicon Valley 
Bangalore travel tips
Popularly called the Silicon Valley of India, Bangalore is one of the finest cities which is also considered to be one of the safe places to visit in India. Known for its amazing weather and majestic architectures surrounded by lush-green parks. The city has modern malls fancy cafes and restaurants and also Botanical gardens which is perfect to take a stroll.

Best Time To Visit: November – February
How To Reach
By Air: KempeGowda International Airport is the only airport which connects with 10 domestic and 21 international airlines.
By Train: There are 2 rail terminals in Bangalore – Bangalore City and Yeshwantpur Junction
By Road: Government and Private buses run from Mumbai, Goa, Chennai and Hyderabad
Attractions: Bangalore Palace, Cubbon Park, MG Road, Lal Bagh and UB City Mall
Average Temperature: 27 Degree Celsius
Restaurants in Bangalore: Only Place, Olive Beach, Fava, Sue’s Food Place

81. Jaipur – Experience The Royalty 
Beauty of Jaipur
Jaipur is the capital city of Rajasthan which is also called the Pink City. This place is known for its rich culture and heritage which is formed since many centuries. Jaipur city comes under the Golden Triangle and makes one of the most famous places in India to visit. From the magnificent palaces to the vibrant markets, there is a lot to explore.

Best Time To Visit: November-March
How To Reach
By Air: The nearest airport is the Sanganer airport which is well connected with all the major cities
By Train: Shatabdi Express connects Jaipur to all the major cities
By Road: There are buses by RSRTC which runs on frequent intervals and connects to major cities
Attractions: Amer Fort, City Palace, Nahargarh Fort, Hawa Mahal
Average Temperature: 20 Degree Celsius
Restaurants in Jaipur: Choki Dhani, Four Seasons, Copper Chimney OM Revolving Restaurant

Further Read: 13 Places in India You Must Visit with Your Family

Travel to some of these places to visit before you turn 30 with friends, family, beloved or solo and explore the popular tourist attractions in India by booking a trip to India because the time is now! Do not linger, jet off to these splendid places and have the time of your life jaunting in these beautiful cities and towns.

Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In India
 

Q. Where can I relax in India?
A. When exploring different places in India, you’ll come across a number of tourist locations where you can unwind yourself and relax. Some of them are mentioned in the list below:
1. Kasol, Himachal Pradesh
2. Rishikesh, Uttarakhand
3. Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh
4. Gokarna, Karnataka
5. Hampi, Karnataka
6. Wayanad, Kerala

Q. Which is the cleanest city in India?
A. These 10 cities are considered as the cleanest places in the country of India:
1. Navi Mumbai
2. Mandya
3. Kochi
4. Hassan
5. Gangtok
6. Halisahar
7. Bengaluru
8. Thiruvananthapuram
9. Mysore
10. Bengaluru

Q. What is the most visited place in India?
A. The most visited place in India is the Jal Mahal in Jaipur as of the current data. This is so because this grand mahal is directly in contrast to the lively vibes of Jaipur city in Rajasthan. Offering serenity and peace at its best, this palace is located right in the middle of the charming Man Sagar Lake in Jaipur.

Q. Which is the best city to visit in India?
A. Panaji is the best city to visit in India because of the amazing Goan vibes and incredible views of the beaches and a stunning work of architecture on display through the various buildings and villas depicting Portuguese essence. This place is also known for the serene Our Lady of Immaculate Conception Church abode.

Q. Which is the most beautiful place in India?
A. There is no dearth of beautiful places to explore in India and it is difficult to choose one from many. But some of the most beautiful places that one must explore at least once in a lifetime are Khajjiar, Munnar, Coorg, Ziro, Valley of Flowers, Pithoragarh, Chail, and Leh among others.

Q. What is the No. 1 tourist place in India?
A. Delhi has been recorded as one of the top tourist places in India. Many foreigners and Indian citizens prefer Delhi as their holiday destination. One can explore many tourist attractions including India Gate, Red Fort, Qutab Minar, and many more.

Q. What is India best known for?
A. India is a multi-cultural country and thus it is known for its diverse culture, spirituality, jewelry, food, and festivals.

Q. Which is the most peaceful place in India?
A. If anyone is looking for a peaceful retreat in India then one must consider these places – Auroville (Puducherry), Panging Tso (Ladakh), Tosh (Himachal Pradesh), Lansdowne (Uttarakhand), Dzukou Valley (Nagaland), and Champawat (Uttarakhand).

Q. Which is the coldest place in India?
A. Dras, in the Kargil district, has been recorded as the coldest place in India. The temperature dips down to -20 degrees Celsius. It is also known as the ‘Gateway to Ladakh’. Apart from this, Srinagar, Gangtok, and Siachen Glacier are some of the other coldest places in India.

Q. Which is the happiest city in India?
A. Chandigarh has bagged the title of the happiest city in India. Following Chandigarh, other happy cities are Delhi, Lucknow, Bengaluru, and Chennai.

People Also Read:

Places To Visit In Rajasthan Best Places To Visit In Kerala Best Places To Visit In Himachal Pradesh

“


Sourav Chandgothia

Comments
563 comments


 PREVIOUS POST
NEXT POST 
Category: Destinations, India, Top 50
Follow Us On:   
